[Autogenerated] So let us see all that inaction A
Let us create Deploy and Runner, A web application.
We are going to use the Tomcat applications over.
Of course, other application servers might differ, but not too much.
Most of the time, the configuration in eclipse will works the same as Tomcat.
So we are back in our eclipse workspace.
Er on.
Know that we are now in the Java e perspective,
not in the Java Sea perspective anymore.
As we can see on the top right of this window.
The first thing we want to make sure is that we have the right
beginner to connect to the Tomcat application server.
It takes place in the window.
Menu preference is, um and let us filter this with the server keyword.
Here we have the server.
Noda with the three sub options are on the What we want to check is the
runtime environment Here We do not have any runtime environment.
Configure the letters Adwan and from this panel Ola,
we can see all the default application servers are readily
available in this distribution of eclipse.
So we have a nice set off Tomcat version za geronimo
basic java e runtime servers are.
Those are very older Cloud foundry Ivy Emma with blue mix and whips for
application server object Weber with the Jonah's Application Server,
which is not supported anymore.
Or a caller with glass fish tools or a called Cloud
Tools and Web Logic Server tools.
A J Bus.
And while flyer from Red Hat, Roszina and a Safety,
we are going to user Tomcat Naina.
So we see like this wall.
Now click next and hear.
Eclipse is asking us to point to a Tomcat installation directory.
So I have prepared here a Tomcat directory with the default installation of
Tomcat that this copy paste this path directly to hear,
select and installed a J.
R E.
We already have.
Ah, default Java ater J D.
K.
Installed.
So let us click, Apply and closer said ex Jessica age here.
And we are Don't we can now click finish in the serve a run time environments.
We have now a reference to the Apache Tomcat Version nine application server.
By the way, if you need to install the Tomcat version,
Anna,
you can just download it from the Tomcat that Apache that order your
Ella here you just have to click on the Tomcat.
Nine downloader on download, for instance,
the dot the J's IP distribution just here.
This is the distribution I am using in this module.
Once you have downloaded this archive,
all you want to do is unzip it in any directory and declare that directory within eclipse.